docs: fix docs of vpc_v1 (#1021)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/resources/vpc_peering_connection_accepter_v2.md

Reviewer: In this doc, the field type and `ForceNew` are missing, please complete them.

* `accept` (Optional)- Whether or not to accept the peering request. Defaults to `false`.

> * `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the vpc subnet. If omitted, the
>   provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the VPC peering connection accepter.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new VPC perring connection.
```

Reviewer: Please move it to the first position in the argument
